What do you want me to do here?
Mrs. Chen
Did you know that your son announced to the public
He has a fiancée
Even if it is announced
That's Li Na too
Mrs. Chen, don't kid yourself
Who doesn't know
The fiancée he announced to the public is the eye
Li Xue's daughter-in-law Li Na
Can't get into his eyes at all
Muzhizhi
Much better than your scorpion woman
I scorpion I scorpion
I took out 10 billion to play with your son
If I were a scorpion
I should have been there when you didn't allow it.
When I was dating your son
Kill instead of now what ah ah ah
Why is it so quiet here?
No one has a master
I have a bad feeling
Let's not go in
But it's all here
Is everything okay?
Why is there no one?
Master, my sixth sense tells me not to go in
Let's go back first. It's alright.
Let's wait
Why are you here?
Program Nan
I'm here to deliver
Why are you here?
I can't get in touch with my mom
The last time I called him
He said he was here.
Ah, what's that?
Isn't this aunt's necklace?
aunt